c:\users\renan.xavier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\bin\Debug\metronovoteste.exe.config
c:\users\renan.xavier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\bin\Debug\metronovoteste.exe
c:\users\renan.xavier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\bin\Debug\metronovoteste.pdb
c:\users\renan.xavier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\renan.xavier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\renan.xavier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\renan.xavier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.Form1.resources
c:\users\renan.xavier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\renan.xavier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\renan.xavier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.exe
c:\users\renan.xavier\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.pdb
C:\Users\renan\Desktop\memoryphone\Teste MenuStrip Metro\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\bin\Debug\metronovoteste.exe.config
C:\Users\renan\Desktop\memoryphone\Teste MenuStrip Metro\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.exe
C:\Users\renan\Desktop\memoryphone\Teste MenuStrip Metro\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.pdb
C:\Users\renan\Desktop\memoryphone\Teste MenuStrip Metro\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\bin\Debug\metronovoteste.exe
C:\Users\renan\Desktop\memoryphone\Teste MenuStrip Metro\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\bin\Debug\metronovoteste.pdb
C:\Users\renan\Desktop\memoryphone\Teste MenuStrip Metro\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
C:\Users\renan\Desktop\memoryphone\Teste MenuStrip Metro\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\renan\Desktop\memoryphone\Teste MenuStrip Metro\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\renan\Desktop\memoryphone\Teste MenuStrip Metro\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\renan\Desktop\memoryphone\Teste MenuStrip Metro\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
C:\Users\renan\Desktop\memoryphone\Teste MenuStrip Metro\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.Login.resources
C:\Users\renan\Desktop\memoryphone\Teste MenuStrip Metro\metronovoteste\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.Tela_Principal.resources
C:\Users\renan\Source\Repos\MemoryPhone\metronovoteste\bin\Debug\metronovoteste.exe.config
C:\Users\renan\Source\Repos\MemoryPhone\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.exe
C:\Users\renan\Source\Repos\MemoryPhone\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.pdb
C:\Users\renan\Source\Repos\MemoryPhone\metronovoteste\bin\Debug\metronovoteste.exe
C:\Users\renan\Source\Repos\MemoryPhone\metronovoteste\bin\Debug\metronovoteste.pdb
C:\Users\renan\Source\Repos\MemoryPhone\metronovoteste\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
C:\Users\renan\Source\Repos\MemoryPhone\metronovoteste\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
C:\Users\renan\Source\Repos\MemoryPhone\metronovoteste\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\renan\Source\Repos\MemoryPhone\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\renan\Source\Repos\MemoryPhone\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.Login.resources
C:\Users\renan\Source\Repos\MemoryPhone\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.Tela_Principal.resources
C:\Users\renan\Source\Repos\MemoryPhone\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\renan\Source\Repos\MemoryPhone\metronovoteste\obj\Debug\metronovoteste.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
